I didn't see you get on.
No matter how many times I've been relocated, I never get used to it.
This is my third transfer this year.
Well, end of the line.
But this stuff, it's all I have left...
All right, I'm moving. Jeez.
Were you the only ones on that train?
Overwatch stopped our train in the woods and took my husband for questioning. They said he'd be on the next train. I'm not sure when that was. They're being nice, though, letting me wait for him.
...They're always departing but they never arrive... and the ones that do arrive... they never leave... you never see them go they're always full... no one ever gets on but they're always... they're always departing but they never arrive...
Don't drink the water. They put something in it to make you forget. I don't even remember how I got here.
I see they took your suitcase too! They can't get away with this much longer.
I'm working up the nerve to go on.
Dr. Breen again? I was hoping I'd seen the last of him in City 14.
I wouldn't say that too loud. This is his base of operations.
This must be a mistake. I got a standard relocation coupon, just like everybody else.
This is how it always starts. First a building, then the whole block.
They have no reason to come to our place.
Don't worry, they'll find one.
Was that you knocking? I didn't even know we still had a door.
Oh, I thought you were a cop.
He's one of us.
Look at them down there.
I told you they'd be coming for us next!
Just this once I hope you're wrong.
Head for the roof! There's no time to lose!
Keep moving. Head for the roof!
Get going!
Go on, I'll hold 'em.
You'll have to wait your turn like everybody else.
You gotta be damn hungry to wait in line for this crap.
I don't know about you, but I'm ready to join Civil Protection just to get a decent meal.
If I talk to you out here, we'll both be in trouble.
Stay back, you'll attract unwanted attention.
Don't sit near me. It'll look suspicious.
They're definitely coming in here!`It was just a matter of time!
CPs!
Civil Protection!
Run for your life!
Here goes the rest of the neighbourhood!
Just be glad you don't live there.
If you're looking for a place to stay, you better keep going.
You'd better run! There's nothing else you can do here!
Good god! Guess those sirens are for you, huh? Good thing you found us. You're not the first to come through here by a...
Look, we're just the lookout for the Underground Railroad. Main station is right around the corner. They'll get you started on the right foot. Meanwhile, let my Vortigaunt friend here give you a jolt to get you going.
Be careful now. We really can't afford to get noticed. Civil Protection catches you down here, it's bad news for the whole railroad.
Civil Protection is on to us. We're tearing up the railroad, covering our tracks. Looks like you're gonna be the last one through.
They're flooding areas up ahead with Manhacks. You'd better get going before they sweep through here.
Oh shit! Too late!
Hey down there! Supplies!`Look out below!
Hey, you're Freeman, aren't you?
Well, I wouldn't believe it if I couldn't see it with my own eyes. Dr. Gordon Freeman himself.
You're just in time, Doc. We've got to move out before the Combine picks us up. We're just getting ready to pull out.
Ah, Gordon Freeman.
Well, Gordon Freeman! And about time, too.
Freeman, ammo!
Here, ammo!
Take some ammo!
You're talking to yourself again.
I'll put it on your tombstone.
Have you ever had an original thought?
I'm not even gonna tell you to shut up.
Your mind is in the gutter.
Cover me while I reload!
Don't forget to reload, Dr. Freeman
If you dare say 'That's gotta hurt,' I'll kill you.
Wait a second... that's not Gordon Freeman!
Dibs on the suit.
Somebody take his crowbar.
He came a long way from Black Mesa.
Dr. Freeman? Can you hear me? Do not go into the light!
I've got my little corner and I'm sticking to it.
When this is all over I'm...aw, who am I kidding?
I could eat a horse, hooves and all.`-# Hay Life; Opposing Horse
They're never gonna make a stalker out of me.
This is bullshit!
I'm glad there's no kids around to see this.
I'm not a betting man, but the odds are not good.
Sometimes I dream about cheese.
