I don't think you have quite enough for all of this.
Why don't you do it yourself.
Smell it yourself, boy.
You can buy your groceries from somewhere else if this service isn't good enough. No wait a moment, but you can't! He he
What a nice finger, want me to show the cleaver to it?
Go fuck yourself!
Throw yourself out, you damn brat.
Yeah yeah and butter in between.
No, no, no, no, don't urinate there damnit, look at this mess! I have to get a mop, this isn't going anywhere... An adult acting like that.
Why did you have to urinate there, couldn't the big man just hold it for a bit longer, damnit!
What are you... Hell no, you aren't urinating on the floor? An adult man acting like that, go and throw yourself out god damnit!
You damn brat, get out of here and don't ever dare come back!
Goodness, even the famous cuckoo would agree that you're drunk.
I might need to expand the aisles as your walking is quite wide.
Is it your birthday, or what are you celebrating?
You're coming here while drunk again? Don't dare puking inside the freezer this time, it was a horrible job scrubbing it out last time when it froze on the bottom. I had to hack away at it for a long time and my fish fingers got all covered with vomit, I had to remove some of it from the top so I could put them back on sale.
In that shape once more I see. Don't support yourself with the shelf again, it's not attached to the ground and I just got it organised. I'm not going to start lifting it up again like last time, makes me angry just thinking about it.
Good day and welcome to Teimo's shop.
Good day, what are you having?
Hello to the dishes and the dishes to the washer.
Good day, what flew you over to this town?
Five hundred and eight... Five hundred and ni- hello, what are you having?
Good evening to you.
Welcome to Tei- oh it's just you again.
Start taking out the money, you're paying for that.
Good grief boy, I won't sell you anything until you've paid for that.
Have you glued a sticker on your car window already? Such an expensive sticker, I have to pay hundreds of markkaa for a Finnish flag even though you could get one from a bubblegum packet for cheaper but no, it has to be a specific sticker.
Terrifying how the price of gasoline just keeps rising. I remember in the late 80s when many people stopped driving their cars as the price rose to over three markkaa, and now it might be over five markkaa. I wonder how you manage to drive around in that car of yours considering how expensive fuel is.
Have you noticed anything strange on the back roads? That one guy drives circles with his little car and makes me wonder what he's doing as he's just coming here and driving back the same way. He never stops here to fuel up his car, but he must be getting fuel from somewhere. Maybe he has a fuel tank on his own yard, hopefully he isn't going around sucking fuel from other people's cars. Something shady is definitely going on.
We have quite a few bakers here in this town. Many youngsters have come around to buy a lot of sugar and yeast, we'll get really good pastries!
Damn these mosquitoes, they're everywhere!
I wonder what that insect spray is supposed to be. Allegedly it's supposed to keep bugs away, but it feels like as soon as the spray cloud disperses the bugs are back. I've started using the entire can in one go, they don't buzz around for a while after that.
This recession is taking its toll on my business as well. People complain that they don't have money to buy anything. I just wonder how they have enough to buy beer even though they claim they don't have any money. I guess it's good from my point of view.
:musical_note: *Marjatta, my lovely, you found another, and went away from me. Marjatto oh Marjatta mine. Marjatta you're my lingonberry.* :musical_note:
Could you pay with coins? I lost the key to the slot machine and can't access the money compartment. I'll try if I could get some out through the game.
The music that they play on the radio these days has become horrible, it's just banging and guitar strumming and such, I'd be ashamed of listening to that. They don't play any music that I like, fortunately they play Marjatta; now that is a good song! I wish they played more songs like it.
Some people just don't know anything, they keep calling me in the middle of the night about trivial things which they could do in the day. Makes me mad how my short sleeping times get interrupted every time. I've started unplugging the phone, they can call me as much as they want, but won't interrupt my sleep.
Have I ever told you about my wrestling career? I was Peräjärvi's Hulppee Hookkani. My pile driver has been known around the world but my poor microphone skills were the reason I didn't get famous. People always started laughing when I said *'shut up boy before I hit you on the forehead!'*
Unfortunate that my washing machine broke, I'm wearing my last clean pants- Oh, there went the last ones.
It's been a strange summer. Sometimes the sun is shining, then sometimes it might be raining. After that the sun shines again, it might also rain at night when it's dark. Even though it's summer you'd think that the sun would shine but it's dark at night. And was it last night when it thundered, about three in the morning when I went to the bathroom it was thundering very loudly, I think it passed right on top of us. It's really been a strange summer, I can't remember the last time it was like this. Well, last summer was fairly close as it rained sometimes and other times it was sunny, but it's been a strange summer in that regard.
Have you listened to Kahjo's programme on the radio? He only talks about trivial things like 'remember to eat so that you don't get hungry but you still will'. How can people not be ashamed of listening to that? Evidently it has some form of listener base since the same programme plays every week, unbelievable.
I used to be quite the fisherman back in the day. I remember in the sixties—or was it the seventies? Anyway in the late eighties when I was trolling with Irma, I saw a strange dark clump approaching us in the distance. Irma started screaming 'a crocodile is attacking' but it wasn't a crocodile, it was an otter! A crocodile...
Oh bother, the milk will spoil in the fridge again. These summer cottagers only buy sausages and beer, everything else is left to expire since they won't have anything else. Nobody even drinks milk these days, only beer.
I used to own a dog back in the day. It had an accident once when a car collided with it, and broke its leg. I didn't have the heart to put it down since it was a good friend to me, so I took it to the vet and they patched it up. The dog had to be in a cast for many months and couldn't really go outside which made me feel bad, I went to get an old pram from the garage and used it to let my dog see the environment a bit. One day I was circling around at the town with the dog inside the pram and this one very highbrow woman came to look 'oh goodness, what a lovely baby', oh boy did she get scared when the dog jumped at her! You should have seen how startled she was! The dog thoroughly spooked her.
So, are you going to partake in the Suvi Sprint? It's coming up this weekend, Saturday I believe. I once took part in it back in the day, and I think I did pretty well finishing in second place as there were only two contestants! Remember to stay safe, rallying has taken many people's lives. Sometimes you die and sometimes you survive, that's life, but try to be careful as we only live once.
I'm not touching booze anymore, my eyes start to splay after taking hard drinks.
Thank you, come again.
Thank you and bye.
See you again, bye.
Thank you for this visit.
Thanks, have a good rest of your day.
I have to open the pub soon. If you still need to buy something; now would be a good time.
It's closing time, welcome back tomorrow.
Ah, what are you having? I have on offer something with golden brown, nicely foamy and bitterly irony aftertaste which will linger until the next morning, Nivala's beer.
Ah, did you come to numb your head to briefly forget how horrible the world is in the end.
Would you like a bottle of cut brandy and asbestos gloves, or would you rather have the tall friends?
Today we have a special offer on beer; when you buy one beer you can buy the next one for the same price.
How much alcohol can you absorb?
Shouldn't you stop while you're still standing?
Look at the boy, you're quite the bottomless well.
Let's break this life.
You can take beer like a man for being such a young man.
Your drinking doesn't make any sense to me.
This is the last one for you, right?
So, you're taking some for the third leg as well.
Oh goodness, I wonder if giving this to you is some kind of a crime?
Okay, last call.
It's Teimo from the shop. You came around to get fuel but you didn't pay, don't bother showing your face around here anymore, I'm going to talk to your father about this once he comes back home.
It's Teimo from the shop. You came around to get fuel but you didn't pay, there are witnesses who can testify against you. You will go to jail.
Hello, it's Teimo from the shop. A package has arrived for you which you can come and get when you have time. The payment will happen at the cash register. Bye.
Hello, it's Teimo from the shop. I'm guessing you have some car parts waiting for you, a big package has arrived here. Come get it when you have time, it'll be waiting for you here. Bye.
Hello, It's Teimo from the shop. You have a package waiting for you here. At least it came to this address, the name is a bit strange. You must still be one of your father's sons, is this an alias or something. Anyway it's waiting for you here, come get it and bring some money with you so you can pay this. Bye.
Hello, It's Teimo from the shop. Do you have package waiting for you here? A shipment came to this address but this name is so strange that I wonder if it's yours. You can come get it at some point. Take some money with you, the payment happens at the cash register. Thanks, bye.
Stop groaning there or I'll throw you out. There's nothing wrong with the table, it's your head that's unstable!